
CURRENTLY
	implementing info display on unit icons
		make it local, display shield stuff, etc.
	implementing juyet quest
	implementing cetus
		death animation
		second attack
		reset when no players
		heal
		cant leave lair
		cant despawn
	need to implement some sort of flag system to make it so units cant be double damaged by the same weapon
	store flags for weapon array positions?

TODO
	hints at the beginning when you die
	PROJECTILE SYSTEM: trail images, orbiting opposing image, acceleration, orbit images, projectile target, projectile turn amount towards target etc.
	computers should anticipate players movement with aoe or aim skills, like maybe should make a prediction of where the player is going to be.
	display stats on upgrade icons on unit
	if you have no armor then you shouldnt dodge, same with if you have full shields
	remove players flag from unit items if they leave the game.
	maybe all the systems would be better off updating after the player cycle instead of before.
	maybe in the future have to guarantee that check terrain collider unit cannot unburrow
	could make the multiple queue values of projectiles into arrays
	in the future I could make it so that projectile timed properties could be set to some huge time so that the first ones can be used with no problem
	in the future make it so that damage at position can have multiple shapes
	make it so that units can have "hit by weapon" flags to keep things from doing double damage.
	need to implement heals of some sort
	harvesting plants?
	make it so that when the day resets, enemies cant spawn right on top of you and fuck you up.

	VERSION 0.1 CHECK LIST
			[x] SHORT SWORD		Recover armor when you get a kill
			[x] LONG SWORD		Damage multiplier for multi kills
			[x] GREAT SWORD		Damage multiplier for multi kills + knockback
			[x] SHORT BOW		fast low
			[-] LONG BOW		normal medium
			[-] GREAT BOW		slow great
			[x] FIRE BALL
			[X] LIGHTNING BLAST
			[-] BLADE STORM
			[x] STAR FALL
			[-] cetus boss fight
			[-] aldus boss fight
			[-] breven boss fight
			[x] find life anointment 1 - field puzzle
			[x] find life anointment 2 - hidden in aldus cave
			[-] find life anointment 3 - hidden next to the water below the mountain.
			[-] find life anointment 4
			[-] find life anointment 5
			[-] cetus/aldus cave
			[-] north cave
			[-] east cave
			[-] breven cave


BUGS
	??? might be a bug where you're getting shields broken after death because of some var not being set or something
	unit gets stuck when swapping items
	??? armor not replenishing if you get a kill with lightning blast
	??? guardian angel NPC index doesnt kill itself when it doesnt exist leading to erratic behaviour
	cetus death sound happened when he despawned
	players damage is displayed on other players units
	players damage is displayed on lost knight?
	dt behaves erratically and doesnt target immediately because of flingy control or something. Really irritating and unpredictable.

	
IDEAS
	use kingdom of heaven music
		spotify
			burning the past
			crusaders
			the king
			the battle of kerak
			a new world - good for the canyon area? or maybe night time
		complete
			france 1184
			crusaders
			burning the past
			i am your father
			after godfrey
			the king
			terms
		0: CRUSADERS - spotify soundtrack
	maybe players can pledge themselves to a god
		you can change your pledge but will have to suffer the wrath of your old god
	names:
		mythos
	blood moon
	dialogue:
		God wills it
		all death is certain
		this is not heaven, its the world. and theres trouble in it.
		God protect you.
		someone knows... God knows!
		all will be settled
		there, at the end of the world, you are not what you were born, but what you have it in yourself to be.
		i hope to find forgiveness.
		all is as god wills it.
	
	angles
	 	1.4063deg = 1 SC direction
		11.25deg = 8 SC direction
		22.5deg = 16 SC direction
	
	what if the maze had randomized teleporters
	what if when you reach certain amounts of kills you get proficiency in killing certain monsters
	sight range increase is good for spellcaster and ranger builds
	hybrid or specializations when you have an equal amount at a threshold for certain skills
	secondarys should drop from the first bosses
	what if blood moon happens every 5 or 10 days
	what if blood moon starts with a meteor dropping and the impact site is some random event.
	what if strength makes you faster with big weapons and dexterity makes you faster with small weapons
	what if trolls or giants or golems had ground pound abilities, or ground spike abilities.
	what if sometimes caves can be invaded with hordes of creatures all at once
	what if the end boss is basically the players fighting on top of a hill against endless waves of enemies and when you finally die you ascend
		maybe theres a kill count and players can compete to get the most kills before dying

GAMEPLAY
	players should choose loadout at the beginning of the match
	
	LOADOUT
		0. KNIGHT SWORD
			the unit attack.
		1. WEAPON
			Can be a sword, bow, or magic tome
		2. UTILITY
			Unique items
		3. AURA (SWITCHED ON OR OFF)
			Some sort of magic
		4. ARMOR
			Light class, medium class, heavy class.

		STRENGTH
			Sword Effectiveness
			Life Regeneration
		
		DEXTERITY
			Bow Effectiveness
			Life Toughness
			Attack Speed

		RESILIENCE
			Magic Effectiveness
			Armor Toughness
			Life Drain Recovery

		LIST OF STATS
			Unit Damage
			Unit Attack Speed
			Life Regeneration
			Life Toughness
			Life Drain Recovery
			Bow Damage
			Sword Damage
			Magic Damage
			Armor Toughness

		WEAPON DETAILS:
			SHORT SWORD		Recover armor when you get a kill
			LONG SWORD		Damage multiplier for multi kills
			GREAT SWORD		Damage multiplier for multi kills + knockback
			SHORT BOW		fast low
			LONG BOW		normal medium
			GREAT BOW		slow great
			FIRE BALL
			LIGHTNING BLAST
			BLADE STORM
			STAR FALL

		MECHANICS
			Kill Fortitude		Instantly recover armor when you get a kill.
			Kill Frenzy			Damage increase for consecutive kills during frenzy time.

			
FIRST AREA
	OBJECTIVES
		Kill Lost Knight Cetus			
		Kill Lost Knight Aldus
		Kill Lost Knight Breven
	TREASURE
		SHORT SWORD
		LONG SWORD
		GREAT SWORD
		SHORT BOW
		LONG BOW
		GREAT BOW
		FIRE BALL
		LIGHTNING BLAST
		BLADE STORM


STORY
	what if this place is a giant floating island in the sky that is the second stage before ascending to an eternal battle ground.
	normal life is below and eternal battle is above. But the reality of it is that its a type of planet with floating islands surrounding it that only certain kinds
	of people can ascend to. Or maybe the most powerful people on the planet have access to some kind of special technology or magic that allows them to ascend to these
	islands. The whole reality of the planet below is just preparation for defense from ethereal alien invaders from space hell or something.
	The floating island the player is inhabiting is sort of a training ground to ascend further to join the defense of the planet. The people below are all ignorant
	of this defense and totally unaware and they just believe the greatest warriors are going on some great crusade or journey into the sky to never return.
	Which they are, but the details are left out. The floating island which the game takes place on has captured creatures from the stars that get are controlled
	by greater warriors watching the players from above. The rank you're given at the end of your trial determines where you are placed in the heavenly battle.
	If you successfully remove the "thorn" from the land you are chosen and you will ascend to join the heavenly battle as a glorious warrior.